h1. com_annotations

h2. Introduction

This Nooku Server component allows you to annotate DOM elements to clarify their goal and meaning. This is currently nothing more than a proof of concept. 

(To get a glimpse of what we are currently aiming for, please check "this presentation":http://share.kotuha.be/nj11leuven/#slide12 out.)

h2. Installation

* Install Nooku Server 12.1
* Place all the files into your root directory
* Execute the SQL file in /administrator/components/com_annotations/install/ to install the component & plugin

h2. Usage

As a super admin, you can create annotations on any page in the back-end;

* When the page is loaded, press the _'h'_ key on your keyboard to start highlighting elements.
* Click on an element to annotate it.
* When editing the text, you can use HTML. To stop editing, click outside of the annotation or press the _ESC_ key.
* To deselect the current element (when not editing), press the _ESC_ key. 
* In order to relocate an annotation, select it and then highlight another element in the page.
* Press the _DEL_ key to remove an annotation.
* When selected, press the _LEFT_ and _RIGHT_ arrow keys on your keyboard to position the annotation around the element.
* Press the _'s'_ key to save all your annotations.
* You can verify if an annotation was saved by checking the Annotations component. Further editing through this component is currently not possible yet!
* Press 'h' key again to stop annotating.

To display your annotations in your component (managers/administrators only), extend your toolbar class to inherit from ComAnnotationsControllerToolbarHelper. This class will automatically add a "Help" button to your toolbar, which displays the annotations when clicked.  